# Women-and-children-safety-using-non-Co-operative-location-tracking-
Tracking system
In this paper, we present a selective/shortest duration path for the police/ambulance to approach the person who is in an exigency situation. This is especially for kids and women who in a precarious situation. But police cannot find the specific location of the victim and reach the location in a short amount of time. This is will lead to any affliction. To reduce the time by finding and plotting the shortest way using the concept of RSSI of a mobile station (MS) from the multiple base transmission stations (BTS) when both the range and angle measurements are corrupted and non-line of sight (NLOS) are not identified from the line of sight (LOS) measurements. To estimate traffic congestion, we proposed an algorithm that can be implemented in the carrier’s infrastructure with Network Measurement Reports obtained by a base station on a mobile phone with the help of signal strength readings, mobile phones can now provide lower energy consumption than GPS receivers. We evaluate the effectiveness of our algorithm on roads that enroute to hospital/police station using GSM signal strength traces obtained from several phones over a period of 2 months. The results indicate that the algorithm can be used to improve the localization of high-speed vehicles and a mathematical model is established to analyse the relation between RSSI and the distance between two BTS’s, Three distance-based algorithms are used for MS positioning: Least Square Estimation, Three-border and Centroid Method. Comparison results are analyzed and the ways to improve the positioning accuracy are discussed (i.e. for low-velocity vehicles). Based on the location found we  
 The NLOS effects are minimized using range scaling and Angle of Arrival (AOA) to the base station correction. 


